I don't know, I just know that you drank too much.
Then how did you determine whether I was simply guilty or was being intimidated?
Because when I rushed to your room,
You hold everything in mind and say I want it.
Didn’t you just say that you persuaded me to go back to my room?
I have liked you for many years, but you just refused to respond to me.
I just asked the waiter to ask for it for you. My comrades in arms can relate to this matter,
To make this special vow,
Not just because I love you so much. I will ask you one last time,
Are you sure you have sex with me?
Come and give us an explanation
It is said that I want to remind you
Things happen again. Shut up.